Add timestamps for video 29: Luciano (#25)
pymc-devs/video-timestamps: videos-list/29-luciano.md

https://discourse.pymc.io/t/posterior-predictive-sampling-in-pymc3-by-luciano-paz/6028

## Timestamps
00:00 Start of event

> - 0:22 Background on PyMC3 common workflow and posterior predictive distribution
> - 2:56 What is this presentation about?
> - 3:19 Simple model without posterior predictive problems
> - 4:27 Create train and test data
> - 5:12 Translate the math into PyMC3
> - 6:52 Visualize and plot the model and predictions
> - 8:20 Make predictions on the new data
> - 9:29 Shape problems 
> - 12:46 A simple extension of linear regression
> - 17:26 View the results of the extension
> - 17:50 Error on the test data
> - 19:15 What happens if we try to marginalize label out of the model?
> - 21:38 Shape problem with the test data
> - 22:55 Solution, a functional approach 
> - 27:50 Factory functions aren’t a silver bullet
> - 28:12 Manually trim the inferred posterior
> - 29:22 Challenges with sampling 
> - 32:10 How can PyMC help?
> - 32:45 Conclusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
00:22 Background on PyMC3 common workflow and posterior predictive distribution
02:56 What is this presentation about?
03:19 Simple model without posterior predictive problems
04:27 Create train and test data
05:12 Translate the math into PyMC3
06:52 Visualize and plot the model and predictions
08:20 Make predictions on the new data
09:29 Shape problems 
12:46 A simple extension of linear regression
17:26 View the results of the extension
17:50 Error on the test data
19:15 What happens if we try to marginalize label out of the model?
21:38 Shape problem with the test data
22:55 Solution, a functional approach 
27:50 Factory functions aren’t a silver bullet
28:12 Manually trim the inferred posterior
29:22 Challenges with sampling 
32:10 How can PyMC help?
32:45 Conclusion
```

## Timestamps

> - 0:00 Start of event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
00:00 Start of event
```
